1. Add logging to the code to track the execution flow and any errors that may occur.
Missing: There is no logging for execution flow or errors. Only print statements and error handling.
Action: Add Python logging (e.g., logging module) to main API endpoints, workflow detection, and orchestrator execution.

2. Modify the detect_workflow_type function to to use a more robust method for identifying the workflow type, we should use llm prompting to determine the workflow type based on the input.
Missing: The current detect_workflow_type uses keyword matching, not LLM-based prompting.
Action: Integrate an LLM (e.g., OpenAI, local model) to classify workflow type from the task description.

3.
The endpoint must accept a POST request, e.g. POST https://<host>:<port>/api/ with a data analysis task description and optional attachments in the body. For example:
curl "https://<host>:<port>/api/" -F "questions.txt=@question.txt" -F "image.png=@image.png" -F "data.csv=@data.csv"
Partially Present: The /api/ endpoint accepts file uploads, but the code expects a single file or form data.
Missing: Support for multiple files (e.g., questions.txt, image.png, data.csv) in one request.
Action: Update endpoint to handle multiple files, always process questions.txt, and optionally process others.


4. The endpoint should return a JSON response with the results of the data analysis task, including any generated code, visualizations, or insights. (syncrhonously within 3 mins)

Missing: The API currently processes tasks asynchronously and returns a task ID for status polling.
Action: Add synchronous processing for small tasks (return result within 3 minutes if possible).


5. questions.txt will ALWAYS be sent and contain the questions. There may be zero or more additional files passed.
Missing: The code does not enforce or expect questions.txt as a required file.
Action: Update file handling logic to always process questions.txt and treat other files as optional.

6. *These are not the final questions you’ll be evaluated on. These examples are indicative. so workflows like WikipediaScrapingWorkflow, LegalDataAnalysisWorkflow are
too specific and should be generalized to DataAnalysisWorkflow or similar. 
Present: There are specific workflows (WikipediaScrapingWorkflow, LegalDataAnalysisWorkflow).
Missing: Generalized workflows (e.g., DataAnalysisWorkflow) for broader use cases.
Action: Refactor or add generalized workflows, and allow easy extension.


7. Include workflows for multi modal usecases like image analysis, text analysis, and code generation.
Missing: No explicit support for image analysis, multi-modal (text+image), or code generation workflows.
Action: Add workflow classes for image analysis, text analysis, and code generation.

8. Geneerated code should be in Python and should be executable.
Missing: No guarantee that generated code is Python or executable.
Action: Ensure code generation workflow outputs Python code and optionally validates/explains execution.
Execute the code and return the results 

7. The code should be structured to allow for easy addition of new workflows in the future.
Present: The orchestrator is extensible, but could be improved for easier workflow addition.

8. It would be good to have a test_upload.html file that can be used to test the API endpoint.

9. LLM output can it be checked for validity and correctness against another LLM before moving to the next step, 
here we can use two different LLMs to cross-verify the output. however, this is not a requirement for the initial implementation. 
(an LLM verify the output of another LLM)
Present: No cross-verification of LLM outputs.
Action: Implement a validation step using a second LLM to check the correctness of outputs before proceeding.

10. Add an MIT LICENSE file to the project root.


